DOCSUP-6544: Edit and translate to Russian (#20478)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/table-functions/file.md

└─────────┴─────────┴─────────┘
```

## Globs in Path {#globs-in-path}

> Multiple path components can have globs. For being processed file should exists and matches to the whole path pattern (not only suffix or prefix).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple path components can have globs. For being processed file must exist and match to the whole path pattern (not only suffix or prefix).
```
